I failed two classes for this spring semester. I received bad grades for two math classes math108 and math 161a. I tried to retake it for the fall semester, but it won't let me to retake because  I already took it for the spring semester. what should I do the retake Math108 and 161a coursed in the fall semester?
I transfered to SJSU  with 68 units, I passed 15 unit this spring semester, and I will take 6 units this summer section 2, after summer section2, am I eligible for applying  graduation on May 2025. My major is accounting
What is the acceptance rate for the aviation program at sjsu
how do I get grade forgiveness to show up on my gpa
I did MATH 1D at De Anza college and was told that I didn't need to do MATH 1C to cover MATH 32 because MATH 31 which I did in SJSU already covered MATH 1C but now when I get back to SJSU they told me i still need MATH1C , I was told that I should file a course petition to give me credit for MATH 32 but how do I do that ?
Can I do two focus spots as a history major?
I sent my official AP scores to SJSU. Do they/when are they gonna update in one.sjsu so I could make a 4 year plan accordingly?
I have completed AP Statistics at community college. Do I still need to take the PPA to be able to register for MATH30 at SJSU?
Can I do more than once concentration for Buisness administration major during undergrad?
can i finish linear agebra and differential equation at 2 different college?
Can i replace engr195a/b with another class
Do all the students applying for MSDA program in SJSu need to take python waiver test ?
So, I took Calculus 1 and 2 in the first cc I attend, now I'm at another college and already took rest of the calculus classes. But when I look up Assists website, the SE major in SJSU said "Complete entire sequence at same institution prior to transfer" for Math calculus series. SO, I am worried If its gonna be the case they reject me or affect my acceptance for SJSU.
Can you change electrical enegeneer to computer science or they close to accept more students ?
Area F Ethnic StudiesI’ve recently became aware than the Ethnic studies requirement was pretty new back in 2021I started community college back in 2017 and I didn’t need to take an Area F Ethnic studies class to get my AA because I had catalog rights.I’m transferring to SJSU now in the Fall of 2024 with every lower division GE fulfilled except my Area F. Would I still need to take an Area F Ethnic studies class to get my degree?
Are there counselors I can talk too about transferring out of SJSU to private schools?
What is the average sleeping time of San Jose State University student did they got enough sleep
Are earlier orientations better for choosing classes?
I am pretty confused for enrolling into classes
Who should I go to if I want help transferring out of SJSU to go to a private university
Do you know what happens if I didn’t fill out a middle name when registering for teas test at sjsu?
Do you know if my eligibility for applying to nursing school is affected if I take a semester leave? I have all prereqs finished and til the deadline of application, I want to get CNA license
Can I take community college classes while tasking SJSU classes to finish general ED faster? I want to double major in both aerospace engineering and aviation (professional flight)
I'm got my AA and transfered to SJSU. Major in Business Finance. I have took LLD-100WB Sec 80, Meteology, bus3 150, bus 5 140 in Spring 2024. Now I'm taking bus3 160, phil 186 64, bus4 188, econ1b 62. Can you create a guide map with all the classes I need in order to complete the requirement to get Business Finance bachelor?
Is Greek life worth at sjsu
can I switch graduade program?
when do we choose our classes as a freshman
if I send my AP scores to sjsu through the AP collegeboard portal, I won't have to take the classes I get credit for with my AP scores right?
how much does flight school cost at sjsu'
Does transfering from community college to SJSU after 2 years put me at a disadvantage in clubs, carerr fairs, and networking ooportunities
compare the tuition cost for SJSU to a community college
Hi, I am a CE major, do I have to ENGL 1B if I already did ENGL 1B at San Joaquin Delta College? in sjsu 2024
As an undeclared major to declaring my major in computer science will I have many online classes on zoom
Can I take Chem 1a at SJSU and Chem 1b in Cc
Im I allowed to have a double concentration?
im I allowd to get double concentrations at SJSU
i completed my bachelors from sjsu in bba mis, I completed business stats with B and business calculus with A and I also did programming classes. Whata are my chances to get into the MS in data analytics at sjsu
Software Engineering majoor Transfer to SJSU from ccI am majoring CS currently at De Anza, but for SJSU CS is really competitive, so I am instead of applying CS, SE might be a better solution? and unlike UC universities there a website for transferring statistic, I can't find any SJSU transferring statistic. so I want to know how hard for transferring to SJSU by SE? what are the GPA range that people got In to SE?
Can i do grade forgiveness on 12 units of upper division coursework?
Can i do a retroactive withdrawal for a class i took last year?
When making an appointment with a counselor about what classes to choose, what service area do i choose
What was the reason for increasing tuition rate for 24/25 academic year
I got a 80 on my PPA can i take calc III
can your undergraduate major and graduate major be completely different
who do i email for test scores
are you required to take the precalc exam
Can finite math class be avoided at SJSU if it is taken at community college? Does the student still need to give PPA?
how would my computer engineering roadmap change if i took pre calc first semester in freshman year
What I don’t take ppa it will there be consequence
Can I skip the early start program if I’m planning to change my major
When registering for classes at sparta camp will I be able to select the exact days and times or just general courses? I've recently received a job opportunity that would require me all day one day a week so would it be possible for me to schedule classes around that?
is the ppa mulitiple choice or own answer like fill in
do i have to participate in the educational opportunity program if i got accepted with eop
I’m an undergraduate and mysjsu is asking for a college transcript, I did not take any college classes during high school what do I do?
how do you opt out of sjsu medical insurance
Are there D1 and D2 GE requirements, or just D?
Hey if I fails a class I retake it during summer will it be in person or online
If i want to take Pre Calculus this year as a freshman do i have to take the PPA?
Did sjsu increase the price of tuition
How to text to my online class professor. If I in the waitlist
do psych majors have to take STAts freshamn year
at orientation when they divide students on there majors and colleges where will i go because i am undeclared but want to switch to computer science
what if i failed ppa before orienation but am undeclared and want to change my major to comp science wjhat classes do you i most likely take
does public health general pathway lead to medical school
I received a d in my first semester of senior year in high school but I earned a c in my second semester (this is in precalculus and I've already completed 3 years of math) will I get rescinded?
Can I send my ap scores directly to SJSU or does it have to be with cal state apply?
what is this two math and if i pass can i take calculus after or so still have to take precalculus Math 18A and 18B
if I take any summer classes, will I graduate early
how soon can i switch major from undeclared to a major i like
I got accepted to SJSU but decided to go to Community college, can I apply to SJSU as a transfer?
what classes does gettign a 5 on the ap calc ab exam exempt me from
what is the difference between ENGL 1A - First Year Writing  and ENGL 1AS - First-Year Writing: Stretch English II
at orientation, do freshman choose their classes for the whole year or just first semester
hi so im taking the ppa tommorow and i haven studied whats gonna happen
Are 12 hours shifts available for sjsu campus police
i got a 5 on the ap calculus ab exam and i am majoring in data science, so do i just take 4 classes first semester as i get credit for math 30
what does sectipn mean for the class schedule
as an incoming freshman do I send my ap scores on college board to csu apply or sjsu?
how do I turn in my 2024 ap test scores
i am a incoming freshman majoring in business admin and still haven't taken the PPA and my orientation is in a few. what will happen
do i learn python as a sjsu computer engineering major
what if i already have 6 units of GE area D? do i still need to take 15 units worth of classes my first semester as a freshman?
Is sending IGETC certification required?
is an economincs class reuired?
i am majoring in inetrnational business and havent taken my ppa test. can i still register for my classes during orientation
can you take the PPA at any time or only during a time period
Do forensic majors require PPA
How can I get a appointment with a adviser for which classes to take as a business major at sjsu
when does SJSU start school
I got it a 4/25 for my ppa proctored exam which math will I get
What’s the difference between FS 11 and FS 12? in sjsu 2024
How do i acquire a college transcript to submit to the admissions office for the college courses i took in high school
are we allowed to have two concentrations for business degree?
I am emailing you as I have been logged out of my SJSU One account and I am unable to get back in. I tried calling IT Support but they were unavailable and my emails haven't gotten replies yet and so I am turning to you to see if you can help me at all as my orientation is this Monday and Tuesday and I really need to be able to get back into my account. What happened was that I was trying to reset my password because I realized it was still the default password from when I first had the account so I wanted to change it to something easier. When I tried, it gave me the security question which was "Who is your favorite sports player". I forgot who I had put at the time and put a bunch of names but that just ended up locking me out. I used this website to reset my password while I was locked out (https://sjsuone.sjsu.edu/SJSUOne/Profile/) and I reset it and it said it successfully changed my password. But when I went to log in on MySJSU through Okta using my new password, it said "Unable to log in" and when I tried to reset it said that I couldn't reset it and that I needed to contact help. Right now, I think it is locked out again and it says to put my SJSU ID and send an email, but I am not getting an email. I really don't know what to do. Could you please help me reset my password completely? I could really use some help in any way. My SJSU ID is 017869605 and my SJSU email is hadihassan.khan@sjsu.edu. I would really appreciate any insight, thank you.
he Educational Opportunity Program (EOP) at San Jose State University (SJSU) is designed to provide support, including financial assistance, to first-generation, low-income, and educationally disadvantaged students. Here’s how EOP can help you financially in 2024:EOP Grant: The EOP provides grants specifically aimed at financially aiding EOP-eligible undergraduate students. This grant helps to cover some of the educational expenses incurred during your studies12.Admission Assistance: EOP offers assistance during the admission process, which can include support in navigating financial aid applications and securing other forms of funding3.Continued Financial Support: Beyond initial grants, the EOP program offers ongoing financial assistance tailored to the needs of its participants. This helps to ensure that financial barriers do not hinder your academic progress3.Resource Access: EOP provides access to various resources and services that can indirectly save you money. These include counseling, tutoring, and workshops, which could otherwise incur costs if sought externally34.By leveraging these components of the EOP, you can receive substantial financial support to ease your educational journey at SJSU.
Do to be announced Classes get Canceled anytime as the Semester begins at SJSU ?
How long after final transcript, sjsu clear my admission
Typically for CS Classes at SJSU what position number of Waitlisted Students are Accepted?
Do I need to participate in Sparta Camp  in sjsu 2024?
Do I have to take ENG1B again at San Jose State University if I already completed it at San Joaquin Delta College?  tell more details
Does the RCW article writing assignment for freshmen get graded immediately or not
hey rumi i just checked and i got a score of 4 on the, ENGLISH A: Literature HL, so what classes do i dont have to take in college because i have already passed this
Can I get my CPA with the corporate accounting and finance concentration or will I need the full accounting concentration?
How many unexcused absences can I have for EOP Summer Bridge
I can't get my student ID from a summer class I did at a university. without my ID I can't purchase my transcript, can I get an exception since that summer class is not required to get admitted
I am a undeclared freshman, can I still transfer into the ISDA degree
Does my history IB score of 4 cover my university elective for my first semester of freshman year as a business administration major?
If I fail a finance class, can I retake it without an access code
how do I declare a major as an incoming freshman
is it possible to jump straight into calculus as an engineering major
what ap credits are accepted
if i got a 3 on ap lang, does that mean i can skip english 1a and take english 2.
does a 5 on the AP English Lang exam allow me to skip ENGL 1A and !b
Is it possible to get math 71 without taking the ppa test for the second time
In case of an emergency that threatens the health and safety of the campus community, the Alert SJSU system kicks in.Through voice, emails and texts, the University Police Department will keep you informed and up-to-date. What do you have to do to sign up?
if i want to change my major but i cant until second semester, should i just do my scheduler as all GED classes?
If I took ECON 1a and 1b at my local community college, then do I have to retake them at san jose state university?
How to transfer to USC in one year
can i change my major before starting my first semester
How do i transfer community college credits?
My Frosh orientation is in 2 days. I received a 3 on the ap English language exam. But even though i submitted my ap scores, the transfer credit section of the academics section of my sjsu portal does not show any ap scores. can I still register for engl 1b or do I have to register for engl 1a?
max number of units you can take
my ap scores havent been sent from college board to sjsu and my orientation is in a day
I passed my language and literature IB HL test with a 4 and they told me at orientation to sign up for a GE Area A3 instead of English 1A because my test covered that, is it okay for me to take ENGL 2? I’m an incoming frosh by the way for business major
how do i know the class i need will be available
How do I apply for a graduate degree at Stanford? My current GPA is 3.1. What do I need to prepare?
Can students use the SRAC during the summer?
had a question about registration for classes as a freshman are the courses that i see on the roadmap for my major for the fall semester the classes i register for and i have be registered for aec will i get any special priority registration?
I submitted my Final Transcript and MyProgress still has not been updated in MySJSU
Didn't finish chem before transferring, will I be rescinded
I know I'm late and I might be cooked but my orientation is on the 17th as a business administration marketing major and I'm super confused about the Precalculus Proficiency Assessment. We need to complete it before orientation or else we automatically get put into lower-level course right? And also do we need to have it proctored in person as in we have to travel to San Jose to get it proctored??? Or can we take it sometime after school starts? I'm super confused so could someone explain the process please, thank you 🙏Or is it just too late for me now 😭
How does being a veteran help as a transfer student for software engineering
how do i know if sjsu got my ap credits
Hey, I am a computer science major transferring from De Anza College to SJSU for Fall 2024. I have completed all the transfer requirements including IGETC and ASSIST. But I messed up my winter quarter and got a D in PHYS4B so my gpa dropped a bit. My current gpa is 3.6. I have submitted my final transcript and got it verified by them (got an email) but it wasn't evaluated yet. I am an international student and my sevis will also be released to SJSU. Will my offer be rescinded because of the D? If so what should I do in terms of international study status and stuff? Can I do the physics class again at SJSU?
who do i contact if there is a class that needs a department code to enroll
Does sisu have double major
what if i dont wanna attend sjsu anymore
Is it bad to graduate in 5 years or more?
Part time jobs in sjsu
if take math 19 and math1019s can u take calculas after that
what would be the benefits of taking honors classes in college. if so, what honors classes are there in sjsu that offer good benefits
can you withdrawal from sjsu before registering for classes
If i am withdrawing from sjsu do i still register for classes at sparta camp during the course registration portion?
on my CSU campus page on mysjsu portal, it says "I - GE A2 Fulfilled." what does that mean?
does geo 10 from de anza count as a ge for sjsu
how many units does a student have to take each semester to graduate in 4 years
What kind of job I can apply for ca major
How do freshman add classes
Can you pick any combination of LAB and LEC classes in SJSU portal
if i received a 5 on ap lang, a 4 on physics C, and a 3 for ap calc ab, what should i do about my first year of GE's? i haven't taken chem in high school, and need to take it in my first year. should i use the college credit for Physics C and take physics 51 my first semester, and then take chem over the winter?  include the related link, not the reference link
Can I retake the PPA?
How will I know that I have been accepted into SJSU for this upcoming term? Given that I have submitted all of my transcripts
when enrolling for classes, do we need to stick with our major roadmap strictly?
is it possible to swap classes even after enrolling in them?
how much is tuition yearly at sjsu for undergrad students
Can I still take chemistry in San Jose state if I didn’t take it in highschool?
how many units do you have to take at sjsu computer engineering each semester?
Can I defer enrollment
what is a super easy to get an A 3 unit class over the summer?
Any easy class that is 3 units for fall?
Majoring in biological science  is this a good major to go into medical field?
Recommend an easy Area R class? include professor rate
which is easy and has 3 units  about online class?
Is math 12 statistic easy ?
Recommended number of units to take as MSEE student
should i take math 30 or math 30x.w
How to know which courses are offered during spring only?
What should I do after graduating but not yet starting my master's
Where do I learn about class information when registering for classes?
What english class is best to take stretch english or english 1a
Cs46a resources
How to find out what courses I have to take as an incoming freshmen for computer engineering?
Cross country 2024
What is the hardest Mechanical Engineering class
What are some 1 unit courses for fall 2024
We me a complete run down of the entire calendar for fall 2024
What English is needed for freshmen Marketing Majors
What classes can you take to fulfill SJSU Studies Area S and V?
how hard is EE 140
For new mlis grad student working 20 hours a week, is it too much to take 3, 3 unit classes?
Is it wise to take BIOL 30, CHEM 30A, and MATH 30 at the same time?
can you crate a communication major schedule for first year student
what are the enrollment categories
what career opportunies for computer science students
Is teas 88% competitive with a 4.0
what calc class do aerospace engineer majors take
Which class in the cs department can be used for data science major credit
What is the hardest applied math course
I need to take one more class to maintain full time student eligibility, what is an easy class that requires no effort that I cantake
animation program classes?
What are Amanda Feldman’s classes like?
What are the most popular anthropology courses?
Which is the objectively better business major at SJSU, Marketing or MIS
What kind of freshmen events are there?
What course is equivalent to a 5 in AP World
What are easy upper and lower division elective classes for design studies major?
where to find Business Administration marketing concentration 2 year roadmap
What comes first master's degree or bacherlor's degree when doing Sage program?
Which one is better CS42 or MATH42 as I an student of computer science and linguistics? in sjsu 2024
which colleges do cmpe students intern at?
Chicano studies class syllabus
Which classes will most likely a freshmen take as an undeclared major but wants to take computer science major and is taking pre calculus first please be sure to give a 4 year roadmap of this
Best area S courses
Give me super easy area R courses for ge
What is the homework load like for ISDA 110
What kind of classes do freshmen need to take? in sjsu 2024
what is a good schedule for a new trasnfer student
1. Which test must all students complete as part of the Graduate Writing Assessment Requirement?A. Writing Skills Test (WST)B. ALEKS Placement TestC. Final ExamsD. Advanced Placement (AP) Exams
What are easy and interesting Area R and V classes? in sjsu 2024  fall
easiest classes for each gen ed section
what level of japanese does the japanese major prepare you for
What class is Chad 102?
Any public health majors have any tips for acing these following classes? PH167PH165APH161PH162PH102PH100W
advice for phys 51
How can I get internship as an undergraduate computer science student in my third year ?
Can you tell me all the courses that a first year out of state data science student have to complete.
what math should I take as a freshman who is in a public health major?
what is an alternate major if i think computer science is hard but still want to go that route
What math is recommended to take freshman year for business majors?
Has anyone taken MUSC 26A, what does it consist of
economics major
Is the class American Insitutions and US123 class required for business majors?
easiest major between Business Admin accounting info systems concentration, Business admin business analytics, nursing, or information systems and data analytics
for the bachelor of science in information science and data analytics, what are some careers/jobs
easiest way to get a job or internship or work-study relating to data
which one is good for a freshmen who want to fisnih there writing and english quickly
Do we have any recommendations for an easy class for area R?
what kind of campus job we have?
How hard is linear algebra
Academic Support: Find details about courses and professors, and use our Math solver.
most difficult courses at SJSU?
How can I become an investment banker
give me the quesiton about math30 final 2023?
fiancial major student? how can i get job on very big company?
which english course is better for a freshman that is bad at enlgihs
How to learn about a minor for my psychology degree
what are all the graduate programs available at San Jose State
math 30 how many homework we have ? give me  more details
How difficult is me114 compared to pre req courses?
What are the topics that will be coverd at the virtual Partent/ Family Orientation?
can you help me find some cs intership job ?
Where can I see the Class Course Syllabus of SJSU classes?
What are some university electives I can take as a business major with a concentration in finance? give me the class deatils
can you give me a layout of fall semester classes with days, teachers, times for an incoming freshman in data science who has already gotten credit for math 30
I don’t know anything about programming. But I am a transfer student major in software engineering. How do I succeed
give the handshake  job list for the cs major ?
what class should I take first as design study major in concentration of graphic design
How about cs class
show me the classes I need to take for a 2 year plan for a BS in finance with a minor in marketing
how was your class feel like
What classes for engineering technology manufacturing
what online training programs on sexual violence and alcohol abuse prevention do i have to do
MTWR meaning class schedule
Can you give me a roadmap to graduate as a bachelor in 4 years as a civil engineer. With each class put the best rated teachers.
what subject does bus3 12 fall under
Link to business majors roadmap
IS BUS5. AGENERAL ED CLASS
What classes do you guys recommend for a first year of major English preparation for teaching
What's your advice about the Humanities Honors program?
as an incoming data science master’s student, what options do i have for on campus jobs?
requisites for BUS5 12
what do we do in ENGR 10-01(40907)
How many spots are available for pre nursing?
What courses do biological sciences systems physiology majors have to take?
What are good swe technical electives to prepare me
CCS 74 - Public Address 3 unitsCOMM 20 - Public Speaking 3 unitsCOMM 20EL - Public Speaking for English Language Learners 3 unitsCOMM 40 - Argumentation and Advocacy 3 unitsHUM 10 - Honors Global Oral and Rhetorical Cultures 3 unitswhich is the best A1 class if im taking PHYS 51MATH 30ENGR 10ME 20
should i have my comm20 class in person or online?
easiest class for area e
how to study for ppa
How hard is it to get into Data Science major
how can i ask  prof for recommend letter ?
what are the easiest GE Area D courses?
Any pe classes open right now?
What’s the best CS elective to take for fall 24 that’s open
What social media outlets do Bachelor of Science in Information Science and Data Analytics students have?
what does it mean by GE Area D   US123 3 units, in roadmap for computer science
WHATS DIFFERENCE BETWEEN CCS46A AND CS46AX AND OR AW
are there any online classes in ge area E
How many credit hours is needed to complete the bachelors of music in music education?
What subjects should I take for Maters Data Analytics
How is Ben Catch for math 32?
How is lab for cmpe 50 2024 fall?
what professors can I take for global dimensions of business?
Example courses for fall sem frosh cmpe major
What are the easiest mechanical engineering electives?
What courses require cmpe 110 as prerequisite
How do I learn linear algebra
help me plan fall 2024 classes
i am a first year data science major, the ge's i have left are A1 a2 a3, what classes should i take? ask me questions if needed
whats math1019S
What is the difference between a LEC and LAB class
what is bio 54 like?
What companies come to engineering graduate career fair?
Are there any game development or computer graphics courses at SJSU?
Are all CS46B Lab classes on friday
how many applied math major people are there?
is anth 25 difficult
how do i set myself up for success as an engineering student
What's a recommended course schedule as a new transfer anthropology major?
make me a class schedule with recommended professor per course for a 2 year bachelors for finance and a minor in marketing
what classes do I need to complete as a transfer student studying finance and minoring in marketing
What is the majority race in graduate studies
is there and cs46a classes that is online
