I have officially applied for housing. But I hace yet to decide if i want to go through with this or bear the burden of commuting
I havw my orientation on the 18th this month. Where should I park North or South garage?
For the virtual parking permits for orentation do we have to print something?
I got some financial aid money for summer along with tuition deferral. when they will apply our FASA to our summer tuition?
Tomorrow is my orientation should I already have classes in mind or will they help me with that there?
when they will release information about graduation for this fall?
Has anyone's summer fincncial aid disbursed yet?
How much are parking permits
Which private scholarships/grants are legit
Can you lower tuition prices
If you’re waitlisted
Are open university students eligible to pay for parking permits
When should my Cal Grant be reviewed by SJSU’s federal aid office?
when do i get my official tuition cost for the 2024-2025 academic year?
Does financial aid of a half time student cover housing?
When are financial aid offers going to be available?
I have orientation on july 23- 24. Its' overnight, what do i have to bring with me?
how much is the housing discount based on the said number from fafsa
when is housing assignments announced
how long do I have before my credits expire?
When does freshman housing get announced
Is there a waitlist to get a double room at spartan village on the paseo?
is a payment installment plan?
How can I fix my fafsa without going to the office
is it guarantee that i get to dorm with a person i choose on my application
where can i find one bedroom apartment near campus
can you live in a studio apartment with your boyfriend
are there studio apartments outside of campus
is the tower ID office open during summer?
When to start applying for work study
how much total cost for full time instate student for 2 semesters
has financial aid been released
When was the fall semester starts?
Average cost of tuition with out housing
When can incoming fall 24 graduate student get his tower id
Is this exclusively for housing questions
when is the last day of the 24-25 academic year
how do i know what dorm i got in before orientation
Give me an estimate cost on part time graduate school in civil engineering
I wanted to know the indetail cost of attendence. Since I'll be staying off campus, only include tuition and other college expenses
I am an international undergrad data science student. Can I get an in detail fee structure without accomadation, transportation and food. Include only tuition and miscellaneous
when paying the fees for housing and tuition at sjsu, are the payments made per semester or per year?
cvc suites payment plan options
is the smartpass really free for students
is there Sparta camp for transfer students
how do I view my enrollment category on canvas?
would I pay less if I am not living on campus
does my financial aid package arrive at mysjsu
what kind of financial assistance will I get from EOP
On orientation day which advisor do I meet up with
housing availability
when will financial aid packages be released
How much money does -1500 SAI get me in my freshman year
How does the two day night part go for freshmen
How can i afford off campus housing when move in date is July and I need my financial aid for help to pay for rent? I’m not getting financial aid until agust
how to access fall 2024 course registration canvas course?
which document i need to fill about financial aid?
1. How do I register for classes, and what are the deadlines and procedures?2.  Where can I find academic advising for course selection and academic planning?3. How do I apply for financial aid, scholarships, and grants, and understand my financial aid package?4.  What services are offered by the campus health center, and where is it located?5. What counseling and psychological services are available for mental health support?6. What meal plans are available, and how do I use them in dining halls and campus cafes?7. How can I find and join student clubs, organizations, and extracurricular activities?8. What career services are available, including job fairs, resume workshops, and internships?9. What campus safety information should I know, and what emergency contacts are available?10. How do I get a parking permit, and where can I park on campus?
My application still says provisionally Admitted. Should I be concerned?
How much money will I get if my student aid index is 25,652
Can I still submit my tower id even though it is past the due date
n mySJSU, it says my for my financial aid that my Award access not available.
When will the tuition fee deferral be posted in mySJSU?
when do I receive my financial aid package ？ in sjsu  fall 2024
when should I know when I got my housing
When are final transcripts due?
what will be my total tuition fee as an international data science undergraduate student for 120 units
How can I set up an appointment to take a picture for my photo ID?
when will we receive are financial aid offer?
How can I pay for just the summer semester?
Need to apply for Scholarships. Have any info?
do you have to pay for laundry if you live at joe west
how much time will you have with your academic advisors on orientation day
Will we see our academic advisors at orientation before or after department meetings
Should I bring anything extra for staying the night at orientation]
Is it compulsory for first year out of state students to live on campux
How do I see where my AP scores have been uploaded
Will we have to hold our overnight things all day at orientation or can we drop them off somewhere before?
When can we check into housing and drop off our stuff at overnight orientation?
How do I get I’m tower card as an freshmen ho has already approved for picture
is the estimated total cost of attendance calculated for 12 units per semester?
Why does it say my admitted program is early start
Do I have to make a payment on july 15 if financial aid packages has not come in
During the frosh orientation, do we register for both fall and spring courses or just fall courses?
Where do I submit my immunization records for housing?
What does it mean when it says "The status of your application is:Provisional Admit-SR Verif"?
Is the admission office going to be open on July 5th?
Do I find out my tuition cost after choosing classes?
I have enough for tuition
orientation schedule
are payment plans payed monthly
if i just sent in my transcript electronically to the transcript email, how long will it take for the school to recieve ?
how do i change my meal plan before semester starts as incoming freshman
what are the immunization requirements for incoming freshman that will be dorming?
Do you pay tuition after scheduling classes
if i decline my direct loans rewards, will i have the option to pull it up in the future and accept
does my CVC Suites housing cover both fall and spring semester
when is move in day for the dorms? and when is the first day of school?
what date do we recieve housing info
is it gonna be $2,030
how do i go back and accept my loans if i already declined them
what is my tuition cost as a full time in state undergraduate student for 2024-2025
who will I have as a Sparta camp roomate
give me a list of things frosh should do when they start this fall
will the showers in the dorm be available for Sparta camp
how do you remove the medical plan from tuition price
what will they tell us during orientation
on MySJSU how do you find award summary > financial aid
What are my options for on-campus housing, and where can I find off-campus housing resources?What are some tips for managing personal finances, budgeting, and saving money as a student?What facilities and services does the campus recreation center offer?What opportunities are there to get involved in student government and leadership roles?What cultural and diversity centers are available to support various student communities?Where is the campus bookstore, and what services does it offer?How can I access campus tech support for software, hardware, and network issues?What are some tips for effective time management and balancing academics, work, and social life?What techniques can I use for effective studying, note-taking, and exam preparation?Why is networking important, and how can I build connections with peers, professors, and university staff?
when do we find out information about the spartan camp
how do i sign up for work study as a first time freshman
Can we submit  for the financial aid award after orientation
How soon do I have to accept the financial aid award
do we get breaks for sparta camp?
is it August 19 or August 21
what are the sparta camp orientation days?
Tell me the time I should go to univeristy.
whats a3 waiver
can we leave campus during sparta camp
give me on campus job list for me?
What is grad apartments
Is there any form for graduate student
Where can we check for dorm assignments ?
how do you find out what meal plan you purchased for housing
Can you have payment plans for both housing and tuition?
what happens if you completed spartan link late?
can your admission get revoked if you didnt complete spartan link one week prior to your orientation?
who is allowed housing
What orientation days r there
how do i apply for work study if im eligible for it
when do financial aid offers come out
Do i have to pay the housing charges in FULL before the due date
When is move in for sophomores or returning students
how to get next steps reservation receipt for sparta camp
Why hasn’t my RCW assignment been graded yet for the article writing?
should i pack a suitcase or a backpack for orientation?
When is the orientation for Interdisciplinary Engineering Graduate Students in 2024 Fall？
How many and what type of bags should we bring to orientation?
which date we have about freshmen orientation ？
how do i change my orientation session date? in sjsu fall 2024
When will my final transcripts gets verified
what happens if i dont take my tower id photo online
Is there a long wait for sjsu to take your tower if card photo
How do I make friends as an out of state freshman that is not dorming?
For EOP Summer Bridge, I will be absent on July 22
do I need to show proof of any excused absences for EOP Summer Bridge
is there blankets at orientation
If I’m on the waitlist for housing (Top 75) how likely is it for me to get a spot?
what if go to freshman orientation without a tower card
How to reaccess freshman orientation barcode
Why do I need to bring athletic wear to orientation?
Where does orientation start?
How do i do an installment plan when paying my housing payment
how do i review my housing information that i have already filled out
1. What is Sparta Camp, and why is it important?2. When and where does Sparta Camp take place?3. Is Sparta Camp mandatory?4. What should I bring to Sparta Camp?5. Will I get to choose my classes at Sparta Camp?6. How can I meet other new students and make friends?7. Can my parents or family members attend Sparta Camp with me? (You probably shouldn't bring your mom to this btw 💀 )8. What happens if I can't attend Sparta Camp on the scheduled dates?9. Will I get to meet faculty or representatives from my major during Sparta Camp?10. Will I receive academic advising at Sparta Camp?
When will I be assigned my dorm?
Do the AP scores sumbmission have a deadline for fall 2024 undergraduate students?
when is the smartpass clipper card due?
How to find how much of my housing and tuition is deducted from fafsa
Should a bring my MacBook to orientation?
What time do we arrive on the first day of Sparta Camp?
If I’m Top 50 in the waitlist for housing but the specific number can’t be disclosed due to gender and cancellations received what are my chances of housing?
how to submit scores to office of registrar
what will happen if i pay for the dorm after july 15th
how exactly should I link a payment method to the payment plan that I already enrolled in at sjsu
Do students get into football games for free?
Orientation details
What are frosh Orientation dates ?
How do I check how much I received on fasfa
how do i know if i qualify for ace train student discounts
what happens after you accept Federal Direct Stafford Loan award
Why do I set up meetings with my advisor
I got no grants only loans and no aid from San Jose state, are the offers still coming out
Do I wait for the financial aid disbursement date to pay for my fees? Will my awarded amount be deducted automatically from the fees that I'm required to pay? Thanks
When is the last day to register for classes for summer semester?
so with the payment plan for the fall 2024 semester, are there any additional fees for choosing the monthly plan?
When will I find out where I’m living
how much does the building cv2 for two people to live in per semester
Where are the college corps programs located
What locations will we work for at the college corps program
am I able to choose the location for college corps?
does the top program help pay for college
where do I know which building im dorming in?
international students
Can u lower the top bunk bed in the dorms?
What time does sparta camp check in end
when is my loan money going to be distributed? i need to pay my housing fees
Does work study get taken out automatically
When does FAFSA stuff get released? My awards haven't showed up and I'm getting nervous.
Do all dorms pick up their dorm keys from Joe West?
do you earn money while in federal work study
how long do i pay school loans?
how do i know what kind of room ive been assigned to as svp?
When are Fall 2024 scholarship recipients notified?
for my frosh orientation tomorrow, should the first place I go to be the student union for the check in?
what are the lunch timings at all of the dining halls?
when's breakfast at all SJSU dining halls?
Will a blanket be provided for the Frosh orientation?
Is it okay if I placed an order for my community college transcript before the deadline (on July 15), even if the transcript may be delivered after the deadline date?
what is the maximum number of add codes that can be issued per section
how to look at our roommates ?
Are there accommodations for Frosh orientation?
When will change of major will release decisions?
I have freshmen orientation on July 19-20, can I get accommodations to stay the night prior to the start date?
So l've been accepted to the sss Trio program and wanna know how much scholarship money I am to get. (My SAl is -1500 if that's a factor in how much I get)41
does the leftover money from financial aid go directly into my bank account?
My Room: {EntryID.Booking[EntryStatusEnum IN (2,3)].RoomSpaceID.Description}
What events happen during homecoming week
Which dorms have a/c?
Does being a veteran improve my chance of getting accepted as a transfers student?
can I paid credit card for summer courses?
what are all the things i should do before orientation
When should I expect to receive my financial aid summary
How much is cost of attendance per semester if I am commuting from home?
What is the difference between  Loan Unsub Stanford 1 and Direct Loan PLUS estimate
what if i don't get my financial aid before my housing payment due date
Is financial aid only loans? I only see the loans SJSU is offering in the financial aid website.
Do I need to print anything from spartanlink for orientation
Can u shower in the morning for Sparta camp
Do we need to hire any type of health insurance if we are going to live on campus?
what does the health fee cover?
if I am staying at the dorms, where can I park my bicycle?
are there any scholarships still open?
how to make move in appointment fall 2024
When do you need to get your meal plan purchased by for fall semester 2024?
when does the student union close today?
how to leave housing pre fall semester
at orientation and need to withdrawal for fall semester
Can I get into wait listed classes at my freshman orientation today
Is the resource fair during Frosh orientation optional?
I'm wondering when I'll be able to know if I have a housing extension for fall 2024 semester
ap credit hasnt shown on my orientation registration worksheet, what to do?
When does fall semester start?
cv2 dorm is it for a whole year?
How to apply for parent plus loan
are friends allowed to help on move in day
I want to study abroad for the 2025-2026 academic year. When should I apply?
where can i see my room assignment, give me related the link, i can jump to, not give me the reference link
Will I get a late fee on my housing payment if I have a deferral on my account? include the related link, not the reference link
can i purchase an overnight parking permit for a school year if i stay in dorms and how much would it cost   include the related link, not the reference link
how to get into a research lab
Why isn’t my Cal grant showing up on my financial awards
i'm a freshman, how do i pay for my first dorm payment due date in installments? it's due on 7/15/2024
What appliances are allowed in dorms?
Is there any installment plan for the meal plan in CV2
How to make a first installment for housing payment
how to check your payment due dates for dorms and tuition
graduating senior waitlist priority
When does the cal grant get processed
Has sjsu posted all account charges
How do I make a specific payment towards my bills on my sjsu account
Whats the difference between paying for student balance and housing only payment
what is the deadline to accept loan awards if i have a housing payment extension until september 3rd 2024
When can I start registering for classes as an incoming freshmen?
how much tuition is due on august 14 for freshmen in cvc suites with a silver meal plan?
What if I have technical difficulties for the EOP summer bridge
Does sjsu have electronic vouchers if you purchase a computer on their campus as a student
What date does spring start 2nd semester
can you let visitors in your dorm?
