How was the professor Nancy Carlin for TA 10 and Queer Art with lark alder
who created rumibot
who are the professors for world history and us history
Who is the horniest person on campus
best general education teachers for required classes?
Professor kai zhao
what professors teach the CS 46A course?
about ENG 1A professors
How is Professor Feldman for anthropology?
Who’s the worst teacher?
Who is the best differential equations teacher
Professor Mike Wu， Mike Wood，Leonard Wesley
who is sjsu’s president
recommend some bus prof?
Gretchen Lester
who is best cs prof ?
Who is the worst professor for introduction to marketing
Which Lab Instructor is the second best for ENGR 10
how about the prof Sullivan, Kathleen L
Who is teaching ENGR 10 for fall 24
Who’s the best Poli Sci professor
Which professor gives less homework in math 12? in sjsu 2024
which prof is good for cs46a? in sjsu 2024
who is elena klaw
who teaches POLS121C?
Rate for prof. William
Professor Gary Castro
Rate for professor Yan Chen
how  was prof li feifei stanford ? include student rate
Padmavati Tanniru for Math 32?
which professor has less homework for math30
Who is teaching CMPE 30？
who is the best bio 30 lab instructor for 2024?
how was the prof qi yang?
Who is the best CHEM 30A professor? in sjsu
best ams 1a teacher
who is teaching math30 ? include the details
easiest professor for engr 10
Best intro to engineering professor
best inro engineer professor
who is teaching math30 ? in this semester in sjsu 204
How is the professor Ali Mehren
whos the nicest prof at sjsu
Roadmap civil engineering best professorss
is saied rafati a good professor for General Engineering 10 and what's the workload? give me the details about the rate my professor
best phil 61 professor
Best COMM 20 teacher
Which professor is best for Math 18A
Who are good teachers for bio 65 ， include
How is ramin moazeni
how was prof mike wu?
who is teaching math 31?
who prof is good for math31 ? include class
Who is the student body president
Christopher Gomez
How many iSchool professors are members of ASIS
Is Professor hubickyj nice?
Who is Peter nagel
Who is Uriel Esparza
Ramin Moazenifor cs 157a is he good?
can you give me the emails of all these people at SJSU : Magdalena Barrera, Vice Provost for Faculty Success - co-chairMarc d’Alarcao, Interim Vice President for Research and Innovation - co-chairFeruza Amirkulova, Associate Professor, Mechanical EngineeringAhmed Banafa, Lecturer, Interdisciplinary EngineeringÉtienne Brown, Assistant Professor, PhilosophyHarish Chander, Enterprise Systems Analyst and Programmer, Information Technology Jorjeta Jetcheva, Assistant Professor, Computer EngineeringJason Kim, Industry Research Alliances Specialist, Research and InnovationYingjie Liu, Lead Instructional Designer, eCampusChristina Mune, Associate Dean of Innovation and Resource Management, University Library, Ex OfficioPablo Nava Barrera, Undergraduate Student, Computer ScienceJon Rawski, Assistant Professor, Linguistics and Language DevelopmentHolly Quiñones, Manager, Organizational Development and Enrichment Programs, University Personnel, Ex OfficioKaren Vogler, University Risk Manager, Finance and Business ServicesEboni Weston, Graduate Student, School of Information
Who is Prof. Ahmed Banafa
What are the reviews for Andrew Hathaway?
who is sumeet syal
Tell me about Professor Lui Lam
Is the Provost a nice guy?
Who is Elisha Miranda?
Is Bob Lim a good vice president of IT?
Was Mary Papazian a mean person?
Did Charlie Faas lie during his Fall 2023 budget forum?
Who is the best calculus instructor   include the related link, not the reference link
Who is emi wong?
Do you know someone named Tyler Tumanda
How is professor elizabeth weiss?
Who's Joey Nguyen
which teacher is best for cs46 a
Who are some fun professors
